[DOCS] Corrections to whats new 8.9 page. (#163938)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/whats-new.asciidoc

[discrete]
==== Stacked bar chart legend
The stacked bar chart legends are now arranged in descending order based on their values, with the segment having the highest total value shown at the top.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/newwayhighlighted.png[Example of the new ordering of the chart legend, width=90%]

[discrete]
==== Step curve

> **Lens** now supports a new line interpolation option for line charts. Step curve line charts help users see clearly when data changes at irregular intervals, reducing misinterpretation. When creating visualizations select **Line** in the visualization type dropdown. Then use the **Visual options** menu to choose step in the **Line interpolation** dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Lens** now supports a line interpolation option for line charts. Step curve line charts help users clearly understand when data changes at irregular intervals, reducing misinterpretation. When creating visualizations, select **Line** in the visualization type dropdown. Then use the **Visual options** menu to choose step in the **Line interpolation** dropdown.
```
Avoid "see" for accessibility reasons
Missing comma

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/stepcurve.gif[An short video displaying the three new chart options]

[discrete]
==== Significance (significant terms)

> This new ranking method in the top values breakdown displays data by significance (significant terms). It helps you identify the key and most crucial terms for a specific query. It’s a powerful way to find anomalies in your data with multiple use cases. Read more {ref}/search-aggregations-bucket-significantterms-aggregation.html[here].

Reviewer: Using "here" for a link is not good for accessibility.  Instead say something specific like, "Refer to the xxx docs".

This is not just based on the most popular terms in a set. When calculating significant terms, {es} looks for significant changes in popularity of a specific term between two sets of data. A foreground set (the data returned by a query) and a background set (the data in our indices). This is supported on all charts. 

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/significant-terms.png[Example of a donut chart organized by significant terms, width=70%]

[discrete]
==== Tag cloud

> preview:[] You can now create a word cloud in **Lens** using Tag cloud, which is currently in technical preview. When creating new visualizations, select **Tag cloud** in the visualization type dropdown. From the available fields drag and drop the desired field into the workspace to visualize keywords. 

Reviewer: Because you have preview at the beginning, you don't need "which is currently in technical preview".

Command after "From the available fields,"
